you
he sins been the number one company and
stick technology for years now because
of a relentless pursuit of technology
Ivan we're in East and since I was a
peon love their sticks and stay want
even the best akan the mark in my
opinion for a long time now our stick
development process really starts with
the players we find out what they're
looking for and sticks we talk to
players of all levels whether it be
recreational all the way up to the elite
level we listen to what they're looking
for in terms of performance weight
balance and we take that information
back to the lab and we look at materials
processes and other things in order to
develop our technologies to enhance that
performance and give them what they're
looking for but the key to the process
is player feedback I'm a stick guy
station my big here and we'll finicky
with him I use it a little bit of it
have your stick on save and move guys
but the balance is key for me it's all
about the feel for me i'm not a huge
shooter i shoot once in a while but i'm
more of a passer and playmaker and i
have to have a stick in my hand I can be
confident with and make sure that I know
that I can feel that puck you know right
up in my hand you know for the shooters
alright see you gotta feel the park but
with the sticks nowadays you like that
that kick and you like when it's light
because you can really find the book
after we speak with the players we find
out specifically what we're going to do
with a certain model and everything goes
into the design brief we look at feel
enhanced performance velocity accuracy
whatever the case may be if you have a
good see you feel confident you feel
confident in your shower or you can fit
in your passing or stick handling
you can do things to it may be out of
players can be performance is always the
number one thing we focus on and I would
say the biggest challenge of achieving
that performance is maintaining a good
balance between durability performance
and feel and so many technologies that
we introduced are geared towards just
that this game is it's so fast that you
can have your head down I'm trying to
figure out where the puck is you know
feel it and react and anticipate with a
what's happening on the ice
trying to get clocked you idiot run over
pretty quick there's some big bodies up
there and it's moving fast when you're
comfortable in your equipment you're
going to go out there and playable
you're not going to think about it and
you perform the way you train your body
through the thing is with equipment it
shouldn't be an issue he's supposed to
just take a stick and put on your escape
and you just go and play
where's our consoles are looking for
equipment that's going to help increase
their level of play whether the shot
velocity improve stick handling and feel
or control over the park with better
balance stick I think yes 19 lends
itself towards that with an influence
blade and improved stiffness profile
it's going to give you a much quicker
release in a better failover the puck
it's new for the s9 team is we've
introduced a higher density foam on the
bottom where you come in contact with
the park and what that does is it gives
players a much better feel for the park
for enhanced control over stick handling
and catching passes it's cool is to see
what goes into making a second that's
the reason why you're such a story